# Introduction
In social media platforms like Twitter, people tend to write what they feel without knowing that they are hurting people's feelings. This creates a toxic enviornment and increases the count of anxiety and depression among indidividuals. I have experienced this myself. People unknowingly said negative comments to me on social media, which hurt my feelings. To create a friendly enviornment and reduce the count of anxiety and depression, I was determined to undertake a Twitter sentiment analysis project, where I could harness the power of data science to analyze and interpret the vast amounts of data generated on social media.

# Project Details
I used a dataset of tweets and their corresponding sentiment labels to train my model. Leveraging Python and libraries such as NLTK, pandas, and scikit-learn, I preprocessed the data and built a machine learning pipeline. I then trained the model using RandomForestClassfier, achieving a 78% validation accuracy.  

# Results and Impact
Through this project, businesses can track public opinion about their brand in real time, allowing them to promptly address any negative sentiments swiftly. This will be instrumental in helping businesses take the next step. Businesses can also identify common customer issues and improve their service. Additionally, understanding customer sentiment can help tailor marketing campaigns to resonate better with the target audience. In addition to supporting businesses, this project can help stimulate a friendly enviornment on social media. People will be less likely to say hurtful things, reducing anxiety cases and promoting healthier interactions.
